# 2.5.5

## Parte 1

#### How many Fast Ethernet interfaces does the switch have?

24

#### How many Gigabit Ethernet interfaces does the switch have?

2

#### What is the range of values shown for the vty lines?

```console
line vty 0 4
  login
live vty 5 15
  login
```

#### Which command will display the current contents of non-volatile random-access memory (NVRAM)?

`show startup-config`

#### Why does the switch respond with “startup-config is not present?”

Because we haven't saved the configuration

## Parte 2

#### Step 2 - Why is the login command required?

Because we've issued the **login** command.


#### Step 7 - What is displayed for the enable secret password?

A series of random characters

#### Step 7 - Why is the enable secret password displayed differently from what we configured?

it's encrypted

#### Step 8 - If you configure any more passwords on the switch, will they be displayed in the configuration file as plain text or in encrypted form? Explain.

They will be encrypted since we have **turned on** the service `service password-encryption`

## Parte 3

#### When will this banner be displayed?

on next login

#### Why should every switch have a MOTD banner?

To warn hackers that any tampering with the device is illegal.

#### What is the shortest, abbreviated version of the copy running-config startup-config command?

`copy r st`

#### Which command will display the contents of NVRAM?

`dir nvram:`

#### Are all the changes that were entered recorded in the file?

yes





